docs: explanation on how to deal with tests failing on windows (#575)
asyncapi/parser-js: README.md

## Develop

> ### Windows

Reviewer: I would move this section below the already existing list of steps to do during development, and then the line about the windows specific scenario you place this section in the end. 

The reason is that this list of steps is not only related to windows. It is only the special case about the file ending 🙂

## Develop

1. Write code and tests.
2. Make sure all tests pass `npm test`

> If in-case some tests still fails randomly during local development, the reason to it might be when you develop something in the parser and even though you did not make any changes affects tests, and the tests are failing then you can run:

Author: yes we can add that also then we need to add sub-sections for Mac or Linux users as well then right?

> If in-case some tests still fails randomly during local development, the reason to it might be when you develop something in the parser and even though you did not make any changes affects tests, and the tests are failing then you can run:

Reviewer: Not unless you have something specific you want to add there 🙂 To me a section only makes sense if there is something to highlight, i.e. in this case windows environment might act weird in some cases.

> If in-case some tests still fails randomly during local development, the reason to it might be when you develop something in the parser and even though you did not make any changes affects tests, and the tests are failing then you can run:

Author: agreed, would do the changes in the PR

> If in-case some tests still fails randomly during local development, the reason to it might be when you develop something in the parser and even though you did not make any changes affects tests, and the tests are failing then you can run:

Reviewer 2: @jonaslagoni  Totally, if it's just for `Windows` OS, let's def add a `### Windows` title.

(I don't think you need to write the word 'environment' too, it's pretty clear to just say **Windows**.)

> If in-case some tests still fails randomly during local development, the reason to it might be when you develop something in the parser and even though you did not make any changes affects tests, and the tests are failing then you can run:

Reviewer: We need to change this sentence I think: `the reason to it might be when you develop something in the parser and even though you did not make any changes affects tests`

To me it is not clear what exactly the reason is. Maybe something along the lines of:
```suggestion
For Windows environments, some tests might still fail randomly during local development even when you made no changes to the tests. The reason for this from file endings are different than expected and this comes from Git defaulting to an unexpected file ending. If you encounter this issue you can run the following commands to set Git to use the expected one:
```

What do you think @Ruchip16 ?

> If in-case some tests still fails randomly during local development, the reason to it might be when you develop something in the parser and even though you did not make any changes affects tests, and the tests are failing then you can run:

Author: yess absolutely the later one gives more clarity than its prior, I would do the changes
